DOC: Add a brief explanation of float printing (#18007)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/reference/arrays.scalars.rst

   :members: __init__
   :exclude-members: __init__

.. note::

   The numpy integer types mirror the behavior of C integers, and can therefore

>    be subject to :ref:`overflow-errors`.

Reviewer: This reference is failing on CircleCI.
```
WARNING: undefined label: overflow-errors (if the link has no caption the label must precede a section header)
make: *** [Makefile:179: html-build] Error 1
```

   :members: __init__
   :exclude-members: __init__

.. note::

   The printing behavior of inexact scalars is to use as few digits as possible
   to display the result unambiguously. This means that equal values at

>    different precisions may display differently::

Reviewer 2: It could be nice to point the reader to the docstrings of `np.set_printoptions`, and `np.format_float_positional/np.format_float_scientific` for descriptions of the "unique" printing option.

Maybe we can even re-use the same language, as in:

 >  Inexact scalars are printed using the fewest decimal digits needed to uniquely identify the inexact number from other values of the same datatype, by judicious rounding. See the `unique` parameter of `np.format_float_positional` and `np.format_float_scientific`, and the `floatmode='unique' option of `np.set_printoptions` for more information.  This means that variables with equal binary values but whose datatypes are of different precisions may display differently::

>    The printing behavior of inexact scalars is to use as few digits as possible
>    to display the result unambiguously. This means that equal values at
>    different precisions may display differently::

Author: Look good @ahaldane?
```suggestion
   Inexact scalars are printed using the fewest decimal digits needed to
   uniquely identify their value from other values of the same datatype,
   by judicious rounding. See the ``unique`` parameter of
   `format_float_positional` and `format_float_scientific`.

   This means that variables with equal binary values but whose datatypes are of
   different precisions may display differently::
```

I don't think `set_printoptions` has anything useful to add here.

>    different precisions will display differently::

Author: ```suggestion
   different precisions may display differently::
```

       >>> f16 = np.float16("0.1")
       >>> f32 = np.float32(f16)
       >>> f64 = np.float64(f32)
       >>> f16 == f32 == f64
       True
       >>> f16, f32, f64
       (0.1, 0.099975586, 0.0999755859375)

>    Note that none of these floats hold the exact value :math:`\frac{1}{10}`;
>    ``f16`` prints as ``0.1`` because it is as close to that value as possible,
>    whereas the other types do not as they have more precision and therefore have
>    closer values.

Author: Thoughts on extending this to:

```suggestion
   Note that none of these floats hold the exact value :math:`\frac{1}{10}`;
   ``f16`` prints as ``0.1`` because it is as close to that value as possible,
   whereas the other types do not as they have more precision and therefore have
   closer values.
   
   Conversely, the same value approximated at different precisions may compare
   unequal despite printing identically:
   
       >>> f16 = np.float16("0.1")
       >>> f32 = np.float32("0.1")
       >>> f64 = np.float64("0.1")
       >>> f16 == f32 == f64
       False
       >>> f16, f32, f64
       (0.1, 0.1, 0.1)
```

Reviewer 2: I think this is good to add, but I might tweak the language:

> Note that none of these floats hold the exact fraction :math:`\frac{1}{10}`, which cannot be represented in binary with finite precision.  The ``f16`` scalar prints as ``0.1`` because it is the ``f16`` value which is closest to the decimal value 0.1 among all ``f16`` values,  whereas the ``f32`` and ``f64`` scalars do not as their datatypes have more precision and therefore have other values closer to decimal 0.1.

> Conversely,  floating-point scalars of different precisions which approximate the same decimal value may compare unequal despite printing identically:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps consider adding:
```
>>> np.format_float_positional(np.float16('0.1'), unique=False, precision=40)
'0.0999755859375000000000000000000000000000'
>>> np.format_float_positional(np.float32('0.1'), unique=False, precision=40)
'0.1000000014901161193847656250000000000000'
>>> np.format_float_positional(np.float64('0.1'), unique=False, precision=40)
'0.1000000000000000055511151231257827021182'
```

Author: I think that last comment probably belongs in the docs for `format_float_positional`.

Author: I've not taken your changes because they were awkard to edit in - would you mind re-commenting as suggested changes?

   :members: __init__
   :exclude-members: __init__

.. note::

   Inexact scalars are printed using the fewest decimal digits needed to
   distinguish their value from other values of the same datatype,
   by judicious rounding. See the ``unique`` parameter of
   `format_float_positional` and `format_float_scientific`.

   This means that variables with equal binary values but whose datatypes are of
   different precisions may display differently::

       >>> f16 = np.float16("0.1")
       >>> f32 = np.float32(f16)
       >>> f64 = np.float64(f32)
       >>> f16 == f32 == f64
       True
       >>> f16, f32, f64
       (0.1, 0.099975586, 0.0999755859375)

   Note that none of these floats hold the exact value :math:`\frac{1}{10}`;
   ``f16`` prints as ``0.1`` because it is as close to that value as possible,
   whereas the other types do not as they have more precision and therefore have
   closer values.
   

>    Conversely, the same value approximated at different precisions may compare
>    unequal despite printing identically:

Author: ```suggestion
   Conversely, floating-point scalars of different precisions which approximate
   the same decimal value may compare unequal despite printing identically:
```
